An additional method to reset Hue bulbs for ZHA (#17441)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

### Add Philips Hue bulbs that have previously been added to another bridge

Philips Hue bulbs/lights that have previously been paired/added to another bridge/gateway will not show up during search in ZHA to pair/add a Zigbee device. That is because you have to first manually restore your bulbs/lights back to their factory default settings first, and just removing them from your old bridge/gateway is not enough to do so. Instead to achieve a proper device factory reset you can use one of these methods below.

> Using a Philips Hue Dimmer Switch or Lutron Connected Bulb Remote is probably the easiest way to factory-reset your bulbs. For this to work, the remote does not have to be paired with your previous bridge. Also make sure there are no other Hue bulbs nearby that has just been turned on when using this method as you otherwise risk resetting them too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Philips Hue bulbs/lights that have previously been paired/added to another bridge/gateway will not show up during search in ZHA to pair/add a Zigbee device. That is because you have to first manually restore your bulbs/lights back to their factory default settings first, and just removing them from your old bridge/gateway is not enough to do so. Instead to achieve a proper device factory reset you can use one of these methods below.

Using a Philips Hue Dimmer Switch or Lutron Connected Bulb Remote is probably the easiest way to factory-reset your bulbs. For this to work, the remote does not have to be paired with your previous bridge. Also, make sure there are no other Hue bulbs nearby that have just been turned on when using this method as you otherwise risk resetting them too.
```
